Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: tools/powersync-dashboard.mdx

---
title: "PowerSync Dashboard"

> description: "Navigate the PowerSync Dashboard to manage instances, configure sync rules, and monitor replication."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Use the PowerSync Dashboard to manage instances, configure Sync Streams, and monitor usage."
```
